Add vcav page (#221)
ClouDesire/docusaurus: docs/modules-vcav.md

---
id: modules-vcav
title: Selling and provisioning of VMware vCloud Availability tenants
sidebar_label: vCloud Availability tenants
---

Cloudesire platform enables selling of VMware vCloud Availability tenants via a
native API integration.

The customer would have access to the native vCloud Availability UI to configure
Disaster Recovery and migrate workloads from/to multiple VMware clouds.

## Product configuration

> ISVs can onboard a vCloud Availability as a new Product using [Syndicated] as a

Reviewer: qui volevi linkare la pagina syndicated?

product type and providing as a syndication endpoint, the endpoint to the
`vcav-connector` module installed on the platform (ask to the platform
administrators).

> vThe plan should includes 2 _pay as you go_ billing items, each one with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plan should include 2 _pay as you go_ billing items, each one with the
```
